feat: Update useTheme hook (#2120)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/common/lib/theming/README.md

If the theme is not available via a context, Canvas Kit components will attempt to pull it from this
variable before falling back to the default theme.

## Access the theme value

To access the current theme, you can use one of the following functions and hooks depending on where
do you use it and what do you want to get back. All of these functions allow to pass a partial or
full theme object to overwrite the current theme. If a theme is not passed, they will try to
retrieve it from the ThemeContext (only for hooks), then from the window object and as a last
solution they will fall back to the default theme.

Please consider to use `getTheme` and `useTheme` over `getCanvasTheme` and `useCanvasTheme`.

> 

Reviewer: I think we want something more like this: `getCanvasTheme` and `useCanvasTheme` use a Proxy, so you trade completeness for performance. If you only need the last property in a member expression, these are a good option.

If the theme is not available via a context, Canvas Kit components will attempt to pull it from this
variable before falling back to the default theme.

## Access the theme value

To access the current theme, you can use one of the following functions and hooks depending on where
do you use it and what do you want to get back. These functions allow to pass a partial or full
theme object to overwrite the current theme. If a theme is not passed, they will try to retrieve it
from the ThemeContext (only for hooks), then from the window object and as a last solution they will
fall back to the default theme.

### getTheme

> `getTheme` is function to get the full theme object. It should be used with `styled` and class
> components or outside components. Function returns a theme object with the Canvas Kit theme under
> the canvas key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`getTheme` is a function that returns the full theme object with the Canvas Kit theme under the `canvas` key. It should be used with `styled` components, class components, or outside components.
```

> **Return value**
> 
> ```tsx
> {
>   canvas: {
>     palette: {
>       // ...
>     },
>     breakpoints: {
>       // ...
>     },
>     direction: ContentDirection.LTR,
>   },
>   // other themes can be placed here
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Let's remove this and add it to the top to remove duplication. 😄
```suggestion
```

> **Example**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how to use `getTheme` to build responsive media query styles with the breakpoint functions provided in the theme.
```

```tsx
import {getTheme} from '@workday/canvas-kit-react/common';

const theme = getTheme();
const {up, down} = theme.canvas.breakpoints;
const small = down('m'); // Returns '@media (max-width: 768px)'
const medium = up('m'); // Returns '@media (min-width: 768px)'
const styles = {
  [small]: {
    margin: space.m,
  },
  [medium]: {
    margin: space.l,
  },
};
```

### useTheme

`useTheme` is hook to get the full theme object. It should be used only with functional compoents
wrapped in ContextProvider. Function returns a theme object with the Canvas Kit theme under the
canvas key.

`useTheme` should be used only inside functional component otherwise it will show a warning if the
theme context value has not been found. In that case you will need to use `getTheme`.

> **Return value**
> 
> ```tsx
> {
>   canvas: {
>     palette: {
>       // ...
>     },
>     breakpoints: {
>       // ...
>     },
>     direction: ContentDirection.LTR,
>   },
>   // other themes can be placed here
> }
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Let's remove this and add it to the top to remove duplication. 😄
```suggestion
```

> **Example**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example showing how to use `useTheme` in a function component to set `Subtext`'s color to the error color provided by the theme.
```
